Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
-Can't I come to Paris?
-I was waiting...
I'm left at home
alone like a little kid
And me at Ravoux's
staring at a great wall?
So why live there?
&nbsp
"Week" takes two e's
There's also "w-e-a-k"...
That's what I am with you two
This is "w-e-e-k"
&nbsp
What's got into him?
Think he doesn't know? You were
gone all day. It's not done!
Look at you!
&nbsp
You'll get pregnant
How would you know?
I had a baby boy at your age
Really?
You never told us
&nbsp
He joined the Commune in 1870
We never saw him again
&nbsp
When it was over..
..the army moved into Paris
&nbsp
He didn't come home
They summoned me
I was his body laid out
with the others.
&nbsp
He was 15
Poor you
&nbsp
That's all past
No. nothing's ever past
&nbsp
It's past...
But Van Gogh may
not be a reliable man
&nbsp
I was behind you. Where'd you
go?
I had me a drink
&nbsp
King size. Overdoing it again!
Damn fairy!
&nbsp
You could help me
Your folks out?
Dunno where they are
&nbsp
It's paid
I owed you for one
&nbsp
Go right ahead!
Want my wife too?
&nbsp
No. Your daughter maybe. But
she helps herself. like us
-You're some guard keeper!
-What?
The train nearly ran
a man over
Ran a man over? In 20 years I
never saw it happen
&nbsp
Hello. maestro
Could I?
&nbsp
I wanted a peek...
if you don't mind
It's in the back
&nbsp
One more. and I'll be there
What changes since you left
Paris!
Such a daring approach to
pointillism! It's exquisite
&nbsp
My paintings are there
I'm relieved
I was being hypocritical
&nbsp
As if I told you that thing...
...was the future of art
&nbsp
But with that..
I can be sincere
If I could do that
&nbsp
Look!
Your St. Remy self-portrait
&nbsp
You often finish
paintings in the studio?
&nbsp
Happens...Bits and pieces..
That's my garden and
Marguerite...
&nbsp
Coco's favorite acacia...
That's good too
&nbsp
Hello. Are you better?
The oozing stopped?
&nbsp
Two portraits of me!
I'm honored
I always do a copy
Which do I prefer?
You'll only get one.
&nbsp
What a treat!
My models always get the copy
Really?
&nbsp
Teach me your cut-reed
technique
It's ismple
you just cut a reed
Theo doesn't push your work
Dear Theo is being retentive
I know
You laugh. but it shatters me
I told him to see you
Is he ill?
&nbsp
I meant your career. It's coming
along. Aurier's piece was fine
He's an idiot
Very literary. Writers don't
understand painting
&nbsp
My daughter said you were
worried...
That stinging pain?
Please. I'm her father
I'm here to help you
&nbsp
No. to cure me
You're in fine health.
but a hypochondriac
At St. Remy you thrived
on your illness
I'm no expert
But my fits weren't imaginary
You doctors aren't patients
When you are. then what?
We cease to be doctors
You should be on a diet
I'll wrap it up
I'll parade with your masterpiece
You're muscular. like me
Exercise! I don't laze in my
studio
My legs go in my art. too
Your painting hasn't found
its price. only its pace!
&nbsp
What the hell are you doing?
That pink haze there
upsets the balance
I'm removing it
&nbsp
It's a big mistake
That's much better
&nbsp
I like fluid
airy things like Turner
&nbsp
I soar
above this earthbound art
Earthbound
Those mechanical strokes
&nbsp
Your paintings are too big!
Too big?
How come you copied them 5
times?
&nbsp
Mine are ecstasy...fluidity...
Look what you do?
It's so thick...
...the leaves are like the water
or the sky. It's all the same
There's no glaze
You don't know how to glaze
All those layers
all those strokes
It's all bunched up
&nbsp
There's no feeling...
You through?
Look at that...
&nbsp
I saw his paintings..Superb!
I'm proud. he's like family
He always will be
We have 6 rooms and you won't take
him in. His room isn't a room
-You've seen it?
-No. but I can imagine
You'd like him
sleeping nearer to you
The insane can be
dangerous company
What do you mean?
I mean in general
You said he's normal. in good
health. Make up your mind!
He cut his own ear. The fits
at the asylum in St. Remy...
Lock me up and I'd have fits too.
His brother never visited him
His real trouble is the
syphilis he's had for years
Mom had it too. She died of it.
You have it to her
Don't talk like that!
Not in that tone!
His influence again!
&nbsp
They said she'd go blind
she was put in a dark room
Aunt Francia told me
I was sent away to Lille
Your mother was always in
poor health. What is this?
I read bits of your medical
books. You hid things from us
I was young. kids notice things.
Unhappiness affects them
&nbsp
What's got into you? You're
hysterical. like your mother
To you Vincent's hysterical
we all are. It's fashionable
You aspire toliberal thinking
but you wind up a bigot
You can't cure him. You do
nothing! He came to be cured!
It's as wrong to say he's mad.
as to say he's not
I'm in love with him!
-What?
-I'm in love with him!
&nbsp
You'd marry that...
Who said marriage?
&nbsp
You'd live with a madman...
No madder than you. He loves
me. wants to live with me
-He told you?
-No. but I know it
So much for your liberalism!
You apply it to others. but not me
You're like everyone else
&nbsp
I have no set ideas. but
this...
In theory. you're considerate.
modern...free love and all that...
But in practice. forget it.
You're a coward
That's why you can't paint!
&nbsp
What you just said is
unforgivable
&nbsp
Good news. I convinced Theo
Jo and the baby will spend
the summer here
&nbsp
Glad?
It's unfair to slave and earn
no money from one's work
You earn something
from your work
&nbsp
You're going to support me?
I know Theo won't help
me any more
Some days painting revolts me
Maybe it's just as well
I write Theo that all's find
He doesn't realize what I'm doing
&nbsp
Maybe he does. What can he tell?
That it's no good? He can't
-You always defend him!
-I try to understand
I know what's up
Don't talk about
things you don't know
The Van Goghs aren't
an artistic family
The way my father looked
at me
My work had to be really
ugly and dirty to him
for me to get that look
I just went on painting
in my own way. That's all
&nbsp
I Keep at it..
But what's the use
&nbsp
True. things are chaning.
You help me more than Kate...
Thanks alot!
Maybe if I'd met you instead
of her...
You're lucky she didn't work out
People say...
...her rejection of you
drove you to paint great art
I say. with a decent girl you'd
have done even better work
If that's what you think
Yes. I do
&nbsp
Stop complaining! you're gifted!
Forget your brother and his wife
&nbsp
Forget all that
Only you can make
the name Van Gogh famous!
Are we married?
&nbsp
You sound like my wife
Look. they're not pushing you
you're towing them all
They're jealous of
what you've got
Nothing was good
enough for your Kate
Those women always marry
the idiots they deserve!
&nbsp
And you're moping over her
Why are you going to Paris
Sunday?
-To get sloshed
-You can't do that here?
To get sloshed!
&nbsp
Notice anything?
I konow them by heart
&nbsp
We're out of the woods. Theo
will soon smother you with jewels
I'll sell for less
&nbsp
There's only 30
And the rest?
At Tanguy's
&nbsp
I'll go to Clauzel Street
Watch out if you run into
people. You scare everyone
&nbsp
He picks fights in Paris
He's a grown man
&nbsp
He's eccentric...But like
anyone else..
...he need help..
We can't do anything
except relieve our own guilt
&nbsp
Like charity. that makes the
donors feel good
&nbsp
Those 50 franc bills...
They relieve you more
than him
&nbsp
Am I right?
-Get rid of this for me
-What?
-There
-I hate that..
Go on. squeeze
That's it
&nbsp
He should've been one of the
best painters of his time
&nbsp
But he started late and
rushed things
He always does
&nbsp
like when he wanted to be a
priest
&nbsp
He never learned
I don't understand him
The truth is
...deep down I don't like his
painting
&nbsp
I wish he painted like Renoir
I'd love that
&nbsp
No. I don't want him
to paint like Renoir
&nbsp
Not that. either. But if
Renoir painted like Vincent
&nbsp
I'd like it because my
brother hadn't done it. See?
What nonsense
You complicate everything
Life just happens. that's all
&nbsp
Shall I rinse you down?
Vollard's wrong to play
the crafty dealer
Clever people act dumb
No. people prefer
to deal with the craftiest
Come here...
Look at these marvels
Very nice
Beautiful
&nbsp
That painting grows on me
All those shades of blue
As perfect as a Tiepolo
&nbsp
He painted it when
the baby was born
&nbsp
It's there so I can see it
from my bed when I wake up
Here's to both Vincents
In a Japanese mode
like the painting!
&nbsp
Rene is so talented
I know
&nbsp
That awful sun. the
green sky..
Who are those creeps?
&nbsp
-They help sell you!
-I doubt it
Remove my paintings from Tanguy's
It's a pigsty. They'll rot!
-Where do I put them?
-Under your bed!
-Or can't the maid sweep?
-Jo sweeps!
If Saint Jo does it...
&nbsp
Why are they in there?
I don't know
I'm a pain. right?
&nbsp
No. Vincent
Theo's not well
&nbsp
Dr. Gachet's not good
enough for him
&nbsp
How will it all end?
You're the only one
I feel close to
&nbsp
One must be selfish
Theo doesn't know how to be
&nbsp
That's what I am. selfish
I can't whistle
Pity you made two holes
in the painting
&nbsp
You touched my wife?
And you're so out of touch
&nbsp
You don't paint ones like her
You like sluts!
And you?
&nbsp
See you soon. We'll settle
in all..
Thanks for coming
&nbsp
You're awful
You quarrel with everyone
&nbsp
Even Gachet.
You fought with him
You're rude to Aurier
&nbsp
You know
ciritics like Aurier sell art
Buyers are
more influenced by..
what they read than
what they see
You know it
Yes. they read a alot
of gibberish about beauty
and have their minds
all set
Critics praise good and bad
so buters lap it all up
It's called eclecticism
Shit!
&nbsp
You got it made!
And you neglect
the best painter of our time!
You're the best?
Yes. I am. You sleep on my
work. It's under your bed
-Where do I put it?
-Show it!
You wrote me not to!
All my work!
You got it for nothing!
How can you say that?
You're awful
One day
I'll stop supporting you
You're just a dealer who
exploits artists. a slave driver
You buy cheap. anyway
From me you get..
20 works a month for the price
of one second-rate impressionist
You're vile
You must be revolted
by your own words!
You've ruined our
relationship
Good. I'm not scared
I'll be better off
I've been sponging
All those paintings are yours
Forever!
Fine words! "Forever!" If I
died. who'd get my paintings?
Who? You might destroy them
like Mother did at home!
No one in the family believe
in me. No one!
"Get rid of these" She said
She didn't Who told you that?
&nbsp
I happen to know it
I was a coward to accept your
money. I became a drone
What's worse. I feel I'm
being kept
The shame! better
to be a dock-worker
One can't work and paint
Those who tried stopped painting
Gauguin painted for years
as a stockbroker
&nbsp
You smothered me
I'd have worked harder. better
I've done nothing great
&nbsp
And life's too sad
I'm at the end of my tether
Haven't you noticed?
My painting is shit
&nbsp
Seen my portrait
of Marguerite Gachet? Crap!
It's a transition
Don't exaggerate
You've been there 2 months
You can't always be on top
On top?
You've never liked what I do
A kind word here and there
but I know your taste
You've never spoken
this way. Never
I'm sick
I can't keep this up for long
No. not for long
&nbsp
I've never
had pains like this
Seen a doctor?
He didnt' understand me
You in pain now?
You are harder to bear
We've had our problems
but your present mood..
What?
You're healthy and close
to success!
But my painting's worse!
Aurier's piece has made you
And your fits
They're over!
Listen. Theo
There are no fits
I never had any
There were tricks. like
a squid spurts ink to hide
I'm telling you. it won't be a fit
but a calm decision. if I can...
to put an end to what's
unbearable for me and all of us
&nbsp
I'm not as selfish as you say
I do think of others
&nbsp
I didn't come to settle a
score. just to say hello
&nbsp
Lautrec's always late
Vincent? Come eat
&nbsp
Really!
Hare?
&nbsp
Will you stay in Auvers?
I'll leave
Where? With no money?
Who do we paint for?
Rich collectors
connoisseurs...
assoholes...the worst
We paint for them
Dump all my stuff
You've got over 200
that's 20.000 francs
I can't unload all that
by an unknown artist
Who's to blame?
Make up your mind
I'm off
&nbsp
Hear of Schubert?
What about him?
Yes. Schubert
&nbsp
Didn't you know?
All his friends dumped him..
to avoid catching
his disease
What's the connection?
Don't you see?
&nbsp
You notice too late
you have no friends..
if you can still
notice things..
&nbsp
Just as well
You're crazy!
&nbsp
Stop that!
It's weakness. Vincent
&nbsp
When there's no more hay
horses fight
&nbsp
I can't stand them
Find some buyers. I can't
stand them. Get rid of them!
&nbsp
Look. I didn't do that!
Did I paint that eye?
Those shaded greys.
the contour of the eyes..
I did that?
Impossible
I paint receding chins
in banal complementary colors
Dump them or sell them
Selling is dumping for money!
I can't
You can't?
&nbsp
NO one wants them. right?
What?
Nothing. Vincent
"Nothing. Vincent"
&nbsp
I bet if I throw
them out the window..
..they'll be there tomorrow
No one'll touch them
&nbsp
Even garbage men and bums
Here. Mr. Van Gogh. your
onion soup
&nbsp
You well. Vincent?
What's up?
I'm having my soup
Glad you're back in Paris
&nbsp
What're you up to?
Having my soup
&nbsp
Here's big Suzanne V
Back in Paris?
&nbsp
I just want to eat my soup
You know I paint now
Dear Suzanne..Everyone
paints now. even women
&nbsp
How would he live without you?
Maybe he'd die!
He'd die!
He'd get a job like
everyone else
I've known men as talented
as he...
...who wanted to live off
their art
They took jobs
Like everyone. Real jobs
&nbsp
Being an artist is a luxury
You must be able to afford it
&nbsp
I'm sick of hearing of their
sufferings
&nbsp
The poor really suffer
They have no work. no food
Vincent is your showgirl!
-You can't afford him!
-I've managed
It has to change
&nbsp
You have a family now
Not just yours. Ours!
&nbsp
You'll support that wreck all
your life?
&nbsp
Shut up!
Stop that!
-You're vulgar. Johanna
-Yes. I am!
Stop that!
&nbsp
Coming!
What's happened?
He wasn't on the train
He's not back. Where is he?
You must have crossed him...
He's not back. I'm sure
&nbsp
He can only be one place
You know it. Take her there
&nbsp
A drink?
No. Thanks
&nbsp
Have you eaten?
I'm not hungry
&nbsp
Let's go
It'll be like
the good old days
&nbsp
You're heavy!
You look content
&nbsp
You're new here
I don't know you
&nbsp
You're married. right?
Brought your wife?
She was too tired
&nbsp
She had her baby?
3 months ago. He's big
Should've brought her.
She's teasing
&nbsp
She'd love it here!
Your name?
&nbsp
Cathy
Pretty name. You have nice
rings. pretty hands
&nbsp
-How are things. Suzanne?
-All right
How's Puvis de Chavanne' Kid?
&nbsp
He's 7 now
Time flies
&nbsp
Did you wipe out Henri?
He always naps after it.
&nbsp
Not wearing socks?
I left in a hurry
-Your wife kicked you out?
-Sort of..
&nbsp
Play something more...more..
I'm busy
&nbsp
I came to Paris just for that
I always did you well...
Don't touch me
&nbsp
You crazy?
I looked for you in Auvers.
left you a note
&nbsp
Can we meet?
Hands off!
Tomrrow...the day after..
Sure...You can't be
bothered..
Let go...
&nbsp
Hands off!
Your sweetness is phony
&nbsp
Asshole! Go home!
Who needs you!
&nbsp
The whore with the heart of
gold!
You're so romantic
you're a goner!
&nbsp
She's shy
Sing "Red Hill"
&nbsp
"It's called Red Hill..
"...and here's why. All who fought here
were doomed to die
"Now it's a vineyard
like so many others...
"But when you drink its wine. you
drink the blood of your brothers
"There were no pretty maids
on that hill...
"...no swains. no laughter
and mirth
"It's far from Montmartre and
Paris. the hub of the earth
"That hill is soaked in the
blood...
"...of farmers and workers
who answered a call
"Those who start wars
never die of them...
"...only the innocent fall
"Red Hill..
"...is its name...
"...and here's why. All who fought here
were doomed to die
"Now it's a vineyard
like so many others...
"But when you drink its wine. you
drink the blood of your brothers
&nbsp
May I
Here. taste
&nbsp
It's good
Drink..
&nbsp
More...
You love me?
&nbsp
Say it
Come. brother.
Time to parade! Look sharp!
&nbsp
-Will you buy my paintings?
-I did...Which ones?
Those I paint!
&nbsp
You're known as a model!
No one wants your paintings!
Bastard! Now you're like all
the dealers
&nbsp
I need sleep before
I open my gallery
&nbsp
I'll go snooze with my
old lady
&nbsp
Third class is narrow
Sure. the poor have
smaller asses
&nbsp
This is living
Tickets please
&nbsp
Kiss again. it's the
milk-train! Have a nice trip!
&nbsp
What's wrong?
I so wish you loved me...
&nbsp
I know you don't
Doesn't matter
&nbsp
What have I done?
Answer when I ask you!
&nbsp
You can't take paintings
to the grave!
&nbsp
Painting! It's a disease
You're sick. you hear!
You grovel in your shit!
Your shitty paintings!
&nbsp
From your sick mind!
Let go of me!
You're not normal!
&nbsp
You're insane! Stay there!
Sit down!
&nbsp
Here
You're alone? Where's my
daugher?
-Your ugly face!
-She vanished yesterday
&nbsp
-What happened?
-Nothing
-What did he do to you?
&nbsp
Answer
Are you ill?
&nbsp
There's no need to destroy
to create!
&nbsp
You sow despair
A great artist
but a loathsome man
&nbsp
You're twice her age!
Aren't you ashamed?
&nbsp
I've known many painters
They weren't like you
You're vulgar
It's in everything you do
&nbsp
You don't love me
You don't care
&nbsp
If you knew how I love you...
You forgot your package
&nbsp
Go out onto the platform
The young lady's unwell
&nbsp
-Get help!
-A doctor?
I'm a doctor. idiot!
A carriage
&nbsp
Take her feet...
Climb up and lift her..
&nbsp
-What are you eating?
-A bun
&nbsp
Can I have some?
Good. huh?
&nbsp
Here. take that
Come on..
&nbsp
-Where you off to?
-To watch him paint
&nbsp
Matching loonies!
Why's that here?
&nbsp
Do other hotels let'em
paint...
...indoors?
Soon it'll be in the bar!
It won't be a bar
but a paint store!
&nbsp
You didn't do my ear
Move over
&nbsp
Some day
we'll do this for free
&nbsp
Normally...
Right. it'll be nice
&nbsp
Let's start now
What?
For free
Really?
&nbsp
That send you?
What?
When I kiss your neck
Well it does me. So do it.
&nbsp
Are you eating me?
Where's La Mouche?
In Paris
Hurry. I'm bushed
&nbsp
It'll be all right
Don't you want any?
She doesn't
Why not? What's wrong?
Glass of wine?
&nbsp
Who was that?
Mr. Van Gogh.
&nbsp
Why isn't he eating with us?
Go look. See what he's up to
&nbsp
Coming?
Go see what's up
&nbsp
Wants none
Just like your sister
&nbsp
Mom. come quick!
What is it?
&nbsp
-Suicide's great for a hotel!
-Some hotel! Three rooms!
&nbsp
Is it a bullet?
Yes. it is
&nbsp
Does that hurt?
Help me turn him over
Gently
&nbsp
You in pain? Want a shot?
No shots
&nbsp
They scare me
Shall we operate?
&nbsp
Well. doctor?
He needs hot compresses
And clean his bed
&nbsp
Very well. doctor
An overdose of barbiturates
is easier to deal with
&nbsp
When your daughter
said it was suicide...
I brought my stomach pump
&nbsp
We'll look after you
Doctor. where were you?
&nbsp
-I was away. Where is he?
-Upstairs
&nbsp
-May I?
-Go ahead
&nbsp
-Sorry...
-The casualty's next door
&nbsp
You won't let me examine you?
Well. doctor?
&nbsp
He's breathing normally
As if he wasn't hurt
&nbsp
I'll open the door
They're doing nothing?
&nbsp
Don't say that
But they aren't!
&nbsp
Little one...
Dear Theo...
&nbsp
You shouldn't have come...
till I'd croaked
&nbsp
Is that position all right?
He chose it. Leave him in it
&nbsp
No. don't...
It's good for him
Isn't drinking bad for him?
Don't give him a thing
&nbsp
They've readied a room for you
Get some rest. I'll watch him
&nbsp
How is he?
Get me a brandy
&nbsp
He must be moved to a hospital
in Paris. And operated on.
&nbsp
Never...He can't be moved
It'd kill him
&nbsp
But he'll die if he
lingers here
&nbsp
We can't do nothing
and let him die
&nbsp
He'll die of nothing!
If he's still alive after 12 hours
his organs must be intact
&nbsp
Even a surgeon would damage his
organs extracting the bullet
&nbsp
The journey alone
may kill him
&nbsp
I agree with my colleague...
I think it's hopeless
&nbsp
All right?
I'm hungry
&nbsp
It's all over
I'll settle up
&nbsp
Board and lodging for June is due.
And Dr. Masery's two visits
&nbsp
Did he give you any paintings?
Two
&nbsp
Keep them. They're yours
Run along.
Don't tell your sister
&nbsp
I'll return the paintings
he left with me
My portrait and my daugher's
We were just storing them...
You must keep them. He'll become
known through your collection
If you mean it...
I'm very touched.
&nbsp
Mr. Van Gogh. I've done the
death certificate
&nbsp
My foot!
I didn't mean to!
&nbsp
My foot's crushed and
you laught!
I'm not laughing
&nbsp
Doctor!
My foot!
&nbsp
I'll massage you
I have a healing hand
&nbsp
Better?
Feels good
&nbsp
So good...
I never let anyone touch
my feet
&nbsp
That's much better
I'll help you
&nbsp
It'll take months...
...to heal
&nbsp
Hi. You from here?
This the hanged man's house?
No. it's on Pylon Street
No one hanged himself there
&nbsp
First time
you've painted here?
No. I come often
It's like all the greats
are still here
Pissarro. Cezanne...
...Daumier. Millet...
Millet never came
Daumier lived in Valmondois
He painted a studio door here
The owner will show it to you
&nbsp
What's the motif?
Don Quixote...
&nbsp
Van Gogh liked it a lot
You knew Van Gogh?
&nbsp
Yes. He was my friend.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today